README.md, before:

# GoogleMapPolygonAreaDrawing

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Added google map polygon area drawing.

README.md, after:

# GoogleMapPolygonAreaDrawing

A sample project to draw polygon area on google map. Currently the maximum limit to create areas is set to 3.
The initial view contains tow buttons and a map container.
On the first load the map is in drawing mode, and you can create your first area. In the middle of the area you will find the area calculation in square meters and hectares.
Also you can click on the top Add button to add more areas.
You can click on the area to select it to update or click the top Remove button to remove it.
On the bottom of the map the total of all areas is shown.


## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.
## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
